How to disable analytics (#4353)
realm/realm-js: contrib/building.md

- [Android NDK 21.0](https://developer.android.com/ndk/downloads/index.html)
- [Android CMake](https://developer.android.com/ndk/guides/cmake)

> Moreover, in order to avoid introducting false positives in our analytics dataset, it is highly recommended to disable analytics by add the following to your shell configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, in order to avoid introducing false positives in our analytics dataset, it is highly recommended to disable analytics by adding the following to your shell configuration:
```
